PBM-737 Release notes 1.6.1 (#609)
percona/percona-backup-mongodb: doc/source/release-notes/1.6.1.rst

sharded clusters and replica sets. This is a tool for creating consistent backups
across a MongoDB sharded cluster (or a single replica set), and for restoring
those backups to a specific point in time. 

Release Highlights
==================

* Deprecated support for MongoDB 3.6. |PBM| remains compatible with MongoDB 3.6 and |PSMDB| 3.6; however, further enhancements and bug fixes are no longer tested against this version. 
* Improved backup and PITR routines alignment by using sequential ``delete-pitr``/``install-backup`` operations instead of in-memory backup intent. This fixes the inability of a backup to start.
* Added support for automated access to S3 buckets using an EC2 instance profile. When |PBM| is deployed using an EC2 instance, EC2 environment variables and metadata are used for S3 authentication saving you from explicitly specifying S3 credentials in the |PBM| configuration file. This comes handy for architectures deployed using the services like Amazon EC2, kiam, kube2iam or irsa.  
* Extended logging for ``pbm-agents``. This improves user experience with PBM.

Improvements
================================================================================

> * :jirabug:`PBM-714`: Improve backup and PITR routines alignment algorithm.

Reviewer: I have changed the issue type to "bug". It is not an improvement.
Lets rephrase it as well to "Fix backup and PITR routines alignment algorithm to avoid backup failures" ?

> * :jirabug:`PBM-740`: Add s3 chain credentials support to allow using ec2 instance profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :jirabug:`PBM-740`: PBM can now use AWS EC2 profiles to simplify access to S3 buckets without explicitly specifying credentials
```

I think this description is more problem focused.
